Add documentation for libpkl (#1801)
apple/pkl: docs/modules/libpkl/pages/index.adoc

= libpkl

libpkl is a C library for driving Pkl evaluation.

It is designed to be a low-level API that interacts with Pkl via the xref:bindings-specification:message-passing-api.adoc[message passing API].
It is meant to be paired with higher level logic written in a host language within the context of a Pkl language binding library.
The higher level logic deals with implementing the evaluator API, and serializing/deserializing messages according to the message passing API.

== Linking to libpkl

It is possible to link to libpkl either as a static library or a dynamic library.

Statically linking to Pkl means that it is possible to copy libpkl's library code directly into your own library or executable at compile time, meaning that it is self-contained.
However, this impacts the binary size of your application, as libpkl's library files are around 100MB.

> On the other hand, dynamically linking to Pkl has negligible impact on binary size, but requires that end users have libpkl installed on their OS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Statically linking to libpkl means that it is possible to copy libpkl's library code directly into your own library or executable at compile time, meaning that it is self-contained.
However, this impacts the binary size of your application, as libpkl's library files are around 100MB.

On the other hand, dynamically linking to libpkl has negligible impact on binary size, but requires that end users have libpkl installed on their OS.
```
nit

== Distribution

We publish archives that contain header files, as well as both shared and static libraries.

The distributions are published as releases on GitHub, and can be downloaded for the appropriate OS/architecture.

The archives contain both statically linked and dynamically linked binaries for each OS.

The archive has the following structure:

[source]
----
.
└── libpkl-<version>-<os>-<arch>
    ├── include
    │   └── pkl.h
    ├── lib
    │   ├── libpkl.<static library extension>
    │   ├── libpkl.<dynamic library extension>
    │   └── pkgconfig
    │       └── libpkl.pc
    ├── LICENSE.txt
    ├── README.md
    └── THIRD-PARTY-NOTICES.txt
----

The file extensions are as follows:

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
